For handling the pieces on the chessboard, we have implemented the structure ChessPiece in Bot.h, which contains the following fields:
the type of the piece, its color, whether the piece is promoted or not, and the number of moves made by the piece on the board.

Methods implemented in Bot.cpp:

generateChessBoard:
- a method to populate the chessboard with pieces for both players.


recordMove:
- a method that performs a move on the chessboard.
in this method, the following cases are handled: drop-in (for crazyhouse), normal move, and promoted pawn move.
in the case of a normal move, cases like castling (moving the king during castling, moving the rook), and en passant
(freeing both the space from which the current player's pawn moves and the captured pawn's space) are handled.


recordMove2:
-a method that simulates a move on the chessboard using a copy of the board (cpyBoard).
similar to recordMove, it handles drop-in, normal move, and promoted pawn move cases.

calculateNextMove:
-a method that calculates the next move of the current player.
initially, it checks if either castling is possible by calling the isCastling method; if so, then the move will be necessarily a castling move.
after this check, it initializes a vector containing all possible moves (generated by calling the generateLegalMoves method) and randomizes their order.
then, it iterates through each move and simulates it using the recordMove2 method, where it records a move on a copy of our chessboard;
it checks if the king is in check after the simulation, and if it's safe, it performs the move on the chessboard (using the recordMove method) and returns it.

generateLegalMoves:
-a method that generates all legal moves for the current player.
it extracts each player's piece from the chessboard and generates all possible moves for that piece.
the generation of normal moves also handles the case of pawn promotion, where a pawn reaching the last rank of the board (relative to the side it starts from)
upgrades its status to a QUEEN piece and takes its characteristics (moves on the board like a queen).
in this method, we also generate CRAZYHOUSE moves, where we search for an empty destination to drop a piece on the chessboard, a piece that belongs to the 
frequency vector corresponding to the player's color (isCapturedWhite and isCapturedBlack).
subsequently, we generate en passant moves, where we check if the opponent's last move allows en passant (moving a pawn from the first rank by two squares).

getBotName:
-a method that returns the name of the bot.

isLegalMove:
-a method that checks if a move can be made or not in the game of chess.
it treats this move depending on the type of piece that wants to perform it and checks its validity (e.g., a pawn moves diagonally only if it can capture an opponent's piece,
two squares forward if it's the pawn's first move, or one square forward otherwise; the en passant move is checked separately).

isKinginCheck:
-a method that checks if the current player's king is in check.
initially, it determines the current position of the king on the chessboard.
it extracts each opponent's piece from the chessboard and simulates a move where the destination of the opponent's piece is the king's position.
using the isLegalMove method, it checks if the simulated move is a legal move in the game of chess; if the call returns true, then the king is in check.

isSquareSafe:
-a method that checks if a position on the chessboard is threatened by any opponent's piece.
it saves all valid moves of the opponent in a queue and checks for each move that its destination does not coincide with the position received by the function as a parameter.

-isCastling:
-a method that checks if there is a possibility for the current player to perform castling.
the conditions for castling checked are as follows: if the king or rook have not been moved previously, if the spaces between the king and rook are free and not threatened by 
opponent's pieces that are not pawns; for checking the threat by pawns, we perform an additional verification.
if there is a possibility of performing both castling, we perform the larger one.
